Initial commit of builtin kernel vendor extension (#82)
codeplaysoftware/standards-proposals: builtin_kernels/sycl-1.2.1/builtin_kernels.md

However this can be cumbersome and prone to errors as it forces switching back and forward from OpenCL and SYCL/C++.

This vendor extension to the SYCL 1.2.1 specification exposes an interface to work directly from SYCL with
OpenCL built-in kernels. 

Builtin-kernels can be created explicitly via a new method in the program class, `create_from_built_in_kernel` and then
used later on from the kernel object, or can be used implicitly with a explicit dispatch function.

In addition, this vendor extension enables further vendor extensions to create SYCL headers that expose a C++ interface
to the built-in kernels, enabling compile-time checking of parameters.

## Outside of the scope of this extension

* Host emulation of built-in kernels

## Revisions

This is the first revision of this extension.

## Interface changes

### Program class

The program class is extended with a new method, `create_from_built_in_kernel`, 
which internally uses the relevant OpenCL call(s) to create a valid program object for the devices associated with the instance of the program.
Built-in kernels do not require a building stage, so the program state is immediately set to executable.

> Built-in kernels are not available on the host-device, and will raise `cl::sycl::invalid_context` exception when calling the method on a host context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SYCL runtime may provide a host-device implementation. In the case where no host-device implementation is provided, the runtime will raise `cl::sycl::invalid_context` exception when calling the method on a host context.
```

I think it would be useful to have the possibility to query if a builtin kernel is available on a device, like a `is_built_in_kernel_available`

Author: Makes sense, but i'll leave it for the next iteration of the proposal.

A program that contains other kernels cannot be mixed with built in kernels, this would raise a `cl::sycl::compile_program_error` exception.
Similarly, building, compiling or linking a program created from built-in kernels raises `cl::sycl::invalid_object` exception.

## Example

```cpp
   {
      buffer<float, 1> buf(&input, range<1>(1));
      buffer<float, 1> bufOut(range<1>(1));
      bufOut.set_final_data(&output);

      program syclProgram(testContext);

      syclProgram.create_from_built_in_kernel(kBuiltinKernelName);

      auto kernelC = syclProgram.get_kernel(kBuiltinKernelName);
      
      testQueue.submit([&](handler& cgh) {
        auto accIn = buf.get_access<access::mode::read>(cgh);
        auto accOut = bufOut.get_access<access::mode::write>(cgh);

        cgh.set_arg(0, accIn);
        cgh.set_arg(1, accOut);

        auto myRange = range<1>{1};
        cgh.parallel_for(myRange, kernelC);

>       });

Reviewer: Declaration of `kBuiltinKernelName` is missing, making its type ambiguous.

More generally, `input`, `output`, `testContext` are missing as well
